README.md, before:

# Description
Fully automatic item tracker for :
- Metroid Prime NTSC-U 0-00
- Metroid Prime NTSC-U 0-01
- Metroid Prime NTSC-U 0-02
- Metroid Prime NTSC-J
- Metroid Prime NTSC-K
- Metroid Prime PAL
- Metroid Prime 2 Echoes NTSC-U
- Metroid Prime 2 Echoes NTSC-J
- Metroid Prime 2 Echoes PAL
- Metroid Prime Trilogy NTSC-U
- Metroid Prime Trilogy PAL
- New Play Controls! Metroid Prime
- New Play Controls! Metroid Prime 2
- Metroid Prime 3 Corruption Standalone NTSC-U
- Metroid Prime 3 Corruption Standalone NTSC-J
- Metroid Prime 3 Corruption Standalone PAL

Each image can be changed so you can put your own icons for both 3 games

# Description of the json files

config.json : Contains the toggle for millisecond precision for IGT and a hotkey to reload the tracker config files<br>
prime.json : Contains the pickup's icons order for any Prime 1 version<br>
echoes.json : Contains the pickup's icons order for any Echoes version (also you can configure how much Dark/Light Beam has given you ammo and how much each beam expansion gave you ammo)<br>
corruption.json : Contains the pickup's icons order for any Prime 1 version

# Instructions

Start the game you want on Dolphin (PrimeHack is also supported) then run MPItemTracker2.exe and when in game you will see the In Game Time showing up

Morphing will put your icons at the bottom and switching between morph/unmorph state won't draw the icons until you are morphed/unmorphed

# Screenshots
Metroid Prime :
![Alt text](https://i.imgur.com/rQtTMxg.png "Metroid Prime")

Metroid Prime 2 - Echoes :
![Alt Text](https://i.imgur.com/vrFUzVd.png "Metroid Prime 2 - Echoes")

Metroid Prime 3 - Corruption :
![Alt Text](https://i.imgur.com/XQcJ851.png "Metroid Prime 3 - Corruption")

Commit message:

Version 2.7 Fixed NTSC-U 0-01 switch from top to bottom icons Fixed refresh key Removed ingame ms precision config field Added IGT display type field

README.md, after:

# Description
Fully automatic item tracker for :
- Metroid Prime NTSC-U 0-00
- Metroid Prime NTSC-U 0-01
- Metroid Prime NTSC-U 0-02
- Metroid Prime NTSC-J
- Metroid Prime NTSC-K
- Metroid Prime PAL
- Metroid Prime 2 Echoes NTSC-U
- Metroid Prime 2 Echoes NTSC-J
- Metroid Prime 2 Echoes PAL
- Metroid Prime Trilogy NTSC-U
- Metroid Prime Trilogy PAL
- New Play Controls! Metroid Prime
- New Play Controls! Metroid Prime 2
- Metroid Prime 3 Corruption Standalone NTSC-U
- Metroid Prime 3 Corruption Standalone NTSC-J
- Metroid Prime 3 Corruption Standalone PAL

Each image can be changed so you can put your own icons for both 3 games

# Description of the json files

config.json : Contains the IGT display type (None, WithoutMS, WithMS) and a hotkey to reload the tracker config files<br>
prime.json : Contains the pickup's icons order for any Prime 1 version<br>
echoes.json : Contains the pickup's icons order for any Echoes version (also you can configure how much Dark/Light Beam has given you ammo and how much each beam expansion gave you ammo)<br>
corruption.json : Contains the pickup's icons order for any Prime 1 version

# Instructions

Start the game you want on Dolphin (PrimeHack is also supported) then run MPItemTracker2.exe and when in game you will see the In Game Time showing up

Morphing will put your icons at the bottom and switching between morph/unmorph state won't draw the icons until you are morphed/unmorphed

# Screenshots
Metroid Prime :
![Alt text](https://i.imgur.com/rQtTMxg.png "Metroid Prime")

Metroid Prime 2 - Echoes :
![Alt Text](https://i.imgur.com/vrFUzVd.png "Metroid Prime 2 - Echoes")

Metroid Prime 3 - Corruption :
![Alt Text](https://i.imgur.com/XQcJ851.png "Metroid Prime 3 - Corruption")
